0.2.5
 * Feature - As a developer, I should be able to specify the html tag I want my tandem tag wrapped in, so I have more control over the generated markup.

0.2.4 - January 3rd, 2013
 * Feature - A user should be able to embed Youtube videos to a page

0.2.3 - August 9th, 2012
 * Bug - Options passed to a main_app url_helper from within tandem get passed as an array
 * Feature - CSS specification overhaul to have tandem styles override any exisiting website styles when Tandem UI is being used

0.2.2 - June 28, 2012
 * Bug - Bundled tandem-specific fonts instead of using Google's fonts so that it doesn't throw warnings if using https protocol.

0.2.1
 * Chore - Removed a line from the image_content_tag that didn't do much.
 * Chore - Remove cucumber dependency - We weren't using it. Using rspec integration specs instead
 * Chore - Fix view spec warnings
 * Bug - If you included tandem_page_links on a page, say the application layout, that's not a tandem page, you would  get a "uninitialized constant Ability" error

0.2
 * BREAKING CHANGE - tandem_content_tag no longer has a page passed in. Use tandem_content_tag(identifier, type, option = {}, html_options = {}).
 * Added in some awesome design elements by Colleen Palmer
 * Bug - Fix errors if main app is already using CanCan
 * Bug - Ensure view helpers are shared correctly, and in both directions, between the main app and tandem
 * Feature - Make sure all of tandem's CSS is namespaced, so it doesn't conflict with any of the main app's styles.
 * Hide 'Advanced Settings' by default.
 * Feature - Make the entire tandem content clickable to edit, not just the 'Edit' link.
 * Feature - Paperclip is now able to be configured directly by the main app's tandem config initializer.
 * Feature - Completely refactored the image gallery.
 * Feature - Ajax image uploads.
 * Feature - Allow .gif image uploads
 * Feature - Create a tandem page automatically if you go to the root and there aren't any pages in the database.
 * Feature - You can now add tandem content to any page in the main app, not just tandem pages.
 * Feature - You can specify either :plain or :wysiwyg for the text editor.
