= Tandem CMS

Tandem is a content management system (CMS) for Rails 3.1+. We felt like it was 
needed because too many of the CMS options for Rails are either 
unpolished—something we wouldn't want to put in front of our clients or bloated
and heavy, causing many headaches when trying to integrate into existing 
applications. 

Tandem was designed to be as simple as can be to integrate into a 
larger application. It's a mountable engine that allows you to easily specify
how it fits into a larger application and doesn't bring any opinions about how
that application is architected.

The simplicity doesn't stop there, though. It also has the end user in mind. 
Through in-place editing, users simply navigate their site like they normally 
would. If they want to edit something, they simply click on it, edit it, and go
on their merry way.

It's early in the life of Tandem and we have lots in store, but it's something 
we find useful and hope you will too.

== Getting Started / Installation

Has it ever been easier to check off that "CMS functionality" feature story?

This assumes you have a rails app already. If you don't, <tt>rails new tandem_app</tt>

1. Add the tandem gem to your Gemfile

    gem 'tandem'

2. Install the gem

    bundle install

3. Generate the tandem files

    rails g tandem

4. Migrate

    rake db:migrate

5. Start your app and you're ready to go.

    rails s

== Upgrading

Upgrade just like you would any other engine.

1. Update the gem version to the latest version in your gemfile if you specify a version.

    gem 'tandem', '~> 0.2'

2. Install the updated gem

    bundle update tandem

3. Copy any new migrations from tandem

    rake tandem:install:migrations

4. Migrate

    rake db:migrate

5. Enjoy the new tandem goodness.

    rails s

== Usage

By default, Tandem uses your application layout and Tandem's pages/show template to
render pages. Both of these can be customized for an individual page.

=== Custom pages

With Tandem, you can easily insert editable content into your page by using the simple 
helpers, <tt>tandem_text_tag</tt> and <tt>tandem_image_tag</tt>.

Simply insert those into your templates where you want the user to be able to 
edit content and Tandem will take care of the rest.

    <div id="sidebar">
      <%= tandem_image_tag(:sidebar_image)
      <%= tandem_text_tag(:sidebar_text)
    </div>

The tandem_text_tag defaults to a basic text area. If you'd like to offer a WYSIWYG editor,
you can set the <tt>editor</tt> option to <tt>:wysiwyg</tt>:

    <%= tandem_text_tag(:sidebar_text, editor: :wysiwyg) %>

=== Navigation

Tandem comes with a helper method to add a navigation menu. It's not included in the default
views, since it will most likely be used in your app's application layout. Adding it is easy,
though.

    <%= tandem_navigation_tag(@page) %>

By default, Tandem will produce a nested tree of all your pages. If you just want the top level:

    <%= tandem_navigation_tag(@page, Tandem::Page.top_level) %>

If you want to show just the subnavication for a given page:

    <%= tandem_navigation_tag(@page, @page.children) %>

You can also create submenus easily by passing in a custom collection of pages, e.g.

    <%= tandem_navigation_tag(@page, Tandem::Page.find_by_title('Services').children) %>

== Authentication

Now, most apps don't simply want to let anyone edit content. Tandem allows you to easily
specify how it should control access.

Inside config/initializers/tandem.rb, you can define procs for Tandem to use for 
authentication and authorization.

1. Tell Tandem how to find the current_user

    Tandem::Configuration.current_user_proc { |request|
      User.find(request.session['user_id']) unless request.session['user_id'].blank?
    }

2. Define what each user can do using CanCan

    Tandem::Configuration.user_abilities_proc { |user|
      user ||= User.new # guest user (not logged in)

      if user.admin?
        can :manage, :all
      else
        can :read, :all
      end
    }

== Paperclip configuration

Tandem uses paperclip for file uploads. If your application needs to modify its settings,
simply set the Tandem::Configuration.paperclip_options in /config/initializers/tandem.rb

For example, to store images on S3, add the aws-sdk gem to your Gemfile and set 
paperclip_options to:

    Tandem::Configuration.paperclip_options = { :styles => { :thumb => "150x150>" },
                                                :storage => :s3,
                                                :bucket => Proc.new { Rails.application.engine_name.gsub(/application$/, Rails.env) },
                                                :s3_credentials => {
                                                                     :access_key_id => ENV['S3_KEY'],
                                                                     :secret_access_key => ENV['S3_SECRET']
                                                } }

== Other Options

By default, Tandem mounts to the root of your application. We're not trying to be pushy, 
it's just what we find ourselves doing 90% of the time. To change this, simply modify your
config/routes.rb to something like:

    mount Tandem::Engine => "/tandem"

To change the url that you wish to serve unauthorized access errors supply a value to:

    Tandem::Configuration.unauthorized_path

By default, the tandem generator copies all tandem layouts to app/views/layouts/tandem. 
If you wish to move your layouts to another location, supply a value to:

    Tandem::Configuration.layouts_dir

By default, the uploaded images directly in the asset pipeline at :rails_root/public. 
To change this location, supply a value to:

    Tandem::Configuration.uploaded_images_dir

By default, the uploaded images are stored and accessed via the default "paperclip" 
conventions (see paperclip gem). To change this behavior, supply a value to:

    Tandem::Configuration.uploaded_images_template
    
=== Styling

Every new Tandem default page created has pre-defined classes setup to use either Bootstrap or 960.gs. 

Here's a preview of what the html looks like:

  .container_12.row.clearfix
    p#notice = notice
    .grid_12.span12
      = tandem_image_tag(@page, :default_image)
    .grid_7.span7
      = tandem_text_tag(@page, :tandem_text_block)
    .grid_5.span5
      = tandem_text_tag(@page, :tandem_sidebar)
    
If either of those grid systems are being used those styles will pull in accordingly.

== Contributing

1. Fork it.
2. Create a branch (git checkout -b my_markup)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am "Added Snarkdown")
4. Push to the branch (git push origin my_markup)
5. Open a Pull Request

We are big believers in testing, so every pull request needs to be tested.

=== Running the tests

1. Run Bundle

    bundle install

2. Create the Database

    rake db:create

3. Run the Migrations

    rake db:migrate

4. Prepare the Test Database

    rake app:db:test:prepare

5. See all the Green.

    rake


== License

Tandem is released under the MIT license:

* http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT
